.I 104
.T
The Selection of Good Search Terms
.A
van Rijsbergen, C.J.
Harper, D.J.
Porter, M.F.
.W
    This paper tackles the problem of how one might select further search terms,
using relevance feedback, given the search terms in the query.  These search
terms are extracted from a maximum spanning tree connecting all the terms in the
index term vocabulary.  A number of different spanning trees are generated from
a variety of association measures.  The retrieval effectiveness for the  
different spanning trees is shown to be approximately the same.  Effectiveness
is measured in terms of precision and recall, and the retrieval tests are done
on three different test collections.
.B
(Information Processing & Management, Vol. 17, No. 2, 1981, pp. 77-91)

.I 109
.T
Author Cocitation:  A Literature Measure of Intellectual Structure
.A
White, H.D.
Griffith, B.C.
.W
    It is shown that the mapping of a particular area of science, in this
case information science, can be done using authors as units of analysis and
the cocitations of pairs of authors as the variable that indicates their
"distances" from each other.  The analysis assumes that the more two authors
are cited together, the closer the relationship between them.  The raw data
are cocitation counts drawn online from Social Scisearch (Social Sciences 
Citation Index) over the period 1972-1979.  GThe resulting map shows 
(1) identifiable author groups (akin to "schools") of information science,
(2) locations of these groups with respect to each other, (3) the degree of
centrality and peripherality of authors within groups, (4) proximities of
authors within group and across group boundaries ("border authors" who seem
to connect various areas of research), and (5) positions of authors with
respect to the map's axes, which were arbitrarily set spanning the most
divergent groups in order to aid interpretation.  Cocitation analysis of
authors offers a new technique that might contribute to the understanding of
intellectual structure in the sciences and possibly in other areas to the
extent that those areas rely on serial publications.  The technique
establishes authors, as well as documents, as an effective unit in 
analyzing subject specialties.
.B
(JASIS, Vol. 32, No. 3, May 1981, pp. 163-171)

.I 111
.T
Document Clustering Using an Inverted File Approach
.A
Willett, P.
.W
    An automated document clustering procedure is described which does not
require the use of an inter-document similarity matrix and which is independent
of the order in which the documents are processed.  The procedure makes use of
an initial set of clusters which is derived from certain of the terms in the
indexing vocabulary used to characterise the documents in the file.  The 
retrieval effectiveness obtained using the clustered file is compared with that 
obtained from serial searching and from use of the single-linkage clustering
method.
.B
(Journal of Information Science, 2, 1980, pp. 222-231)
